# Game Pass Checker
    #### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAUD5EDLoYk
    #### Description: I used to use the website https://dontbuy.games/ to check if a video game was available on Game Pass, a subscription service for video games, to try and avoid buying video games at full price. Unfortunately, the website shut down, and I have not found an alternative that I enjoyed using as much. I thought it would be fun and a good experience to try and emulate the website's functionality to some extent as a final project.

    The entirety of my project can be run from the file gamepass.py. When the project is run, it shows the user an option table formatted using the tabulate library and asks them to enter a number corresponding to an option. The current options are to search the Game Pass library for console video games, search the Game Pass library for PC video games, and exit. I wanted to include more options, but I had a lot of trouble finding a search API or something similar that would generate JSON files with filters. I ended up finding some JSON files that I could work with here: https://new.reddit.com/r/XboxGamePass/comments/jt214y/comment/igi47ql/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3, but wish I could have found a more reliable source.

    Once the user selects one of the options, they will be asked to enter a game name, which is basically a value to be searched for. I had trouble deciding how to implement this part, because it would affect if and how many results would be output. I ultimately decided to store each string split by whitespace in a list. I felt like this was sufficient for the scope of the project, but some factors I considered were if the user inputted a number but the video game had roman numerals, or how to handle special characters in video games' titles, and I hope to learn the best practices to handle those situations in the future.

    Once the user has inputted an option and search value, the program handles the rest of the work on the back end. How it works is that a link is generated depending on whether the user is searching for video games on a console or PC. Using the requests library, the program gets the webpage from the link. Using the built in JSON decoder, the program iterates through a list of libraries and retrieves the ID for each Game Pass game. The program then uses the requests library again, and using each ID in the link, it gets a webpage with full details for the corresponding game, and after quite a bit of parsing, it retrieves the game name. The end result of all this work is a list that contains every game name that is available on the console or PC for Game Pass.

    Finally, the program takes the list of game names, and, for each one, checks to see if the list of users's search input can be found at any point in the game name. The program has custom output depending on whether no matches were found, an exact match was found, or if no exact matches were found but instances of the user's search input were found in one more game name.

    That is the gist of the program, and overall, I feel like I accomplished the core of what I set out to do, although there are definitely more characteristics that I could expand on in the future, mainly revisiting all the different variations that a user could potentially input. For now, I think it handles reasonable inputs relatively well. Adding a front end would be cool as well, and this overall concept is something I hope to expand on in the future, as I have had a decent amount of passion for it.
